[sighs]
- Everything okay there. Suzanne?
- [all chuckling]
Everything is great.
We took some mushrooms.
Oh. are we doing that now?
It's like they're
heat-activated or something.
[laughing]
Peter and I did some
chocolate mushrooms a few weeks ago.
He said I behaved very strangely.
Fuck Peter. You do you.
Technically. if you fuck Peter.
you're doing him.
[chuckles]
I don't fuck Peter. Peter fucks me.
Sometimes well. sometimes not so well.
- [Diane] Hmm.
- Sometimes Brad fucks on me.
[all laughing]
Okay. is that something
we want to unpack right now?
Speaking of fucking. Sam. um.
how are things going with Gatsby?
Well. I… [sighs] Like. I don't know.
I mean. it's not a thing yet.
Is it?
- [chuckling]
- I think it's a thing.
Okay. well. can we just go back to
talking about how Peter's fucking Diane?
[all groaning] No.
- Really? Huh?
- [Samantha] No.
- [Maggie] Oh. Mel. sit.
- Yay.
- Mel. Hi.
- [Samantha] Hi.
- Mel.
- Hi. honey.
- Hi.
- [Mel] Hey.
What did I miss?
Well. Suzanne is high as shit.
and Maggie. less so.
[laughs] And Sam
and Owen Ashe are a thing now.
Uh. no. we are not a thing.
We're not a thing.
Not a thing.
I heard that you two took
a little break in Gretchen's powder room.
What?
That is not entirely inaccurate.
[chuckling]
- It's a very nice bathroom.
- [all laugh]
There's no shame.
No. he's a stupidly handsome man.
- Very symmetrical in the face.
- [Gretchen] Mm-hmm.
Gretch. do you think he's had filler?
[Gretchen] If he has. it's very subtle.
[Kat] Mmm. I think he's yummy.
- Good for you. Sam.
- Mmm.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Just hot.
It's a sauna. [chuckles]
Sorry. guys.
It is what it is.
Baby steps.
[sighs]
Ah.
[all laughing]
Why would you buy this?
We don't watch anything
that needs to be this big.
It makes it more of
a theatrical experience.
It's not a theater. It's our living room.
This way after you fall asleep.
I can come downstairs and watch movies.
You fall asleep before I do.
[gasps] Rumors and hearsay.
- [Hunter] I think it's cool. Grandpa.
- See. Hunter thinks it's cool.
You know. Dad.
I got a guy that hangs these things.
Yeah. and I got two guys right here.
Okay. let's lift it.
[groans]
What is it?
- Nothing. I just tweaked my back.
- [phone rings]
[Ron] That sounded like more than a tweak.
[sighs] Hold on. Can you…
Hey. How we looking?
[Liv]
The subscription agreements are papered.
so everything is nearly finalized.
[Coop] But not fully?
One of the investors wants to meet.
[sighs] Cricket Birch.
It's not personal.
She insists on meeting with anyone
taking a significant position in the fund.
Jack was wondering
if you were free to join him for drinks
at his house tonight
so we can come up with a game plan.
I'll send you the address.
No. I… I know where he lives.
- All right. uh. thanks.
- [call ends]
[sighs]
[sighs] I'm calling my guy.
[theme song playing]
♪ A paper shadow
In a house of stone ♪
♪ The wooden flag
Of a drifting dreamboat ♪
♪ I never knew
How far the ride was gonna go ♪
♪ Till I looked back
At the smoke ♪
♪ You can't keep up
With the Joneses ♪
♪ Don't wanna run
For the roses ♪
♪ I got my pocket of posies ♪
♪ Sometimes I wonder why ♪
♪ I just don't run
With the Joneses ♪
♪ Don't wanna smell
The dying roses ♪
♪ I got my pocket
Full of posies ♪
♪ I don't keep up
With the Joneses ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[chattering]
[Mel] Uh. excuse me.
[Mel] Hey. excuse me.
you can't just sit here.
- [horn honks]
- Hello! Hey.
Are you kidding me?
I'm really sorry.
I already called the driver twice.
And this isn't
the first time this has happened.
I've been blocked in here
more than once by a blue pickup truck.
Yeah. that's actually my truck.
I'm… I'm really sorry about that.
It's just that this road
doesn't give us many options.
Blocking my driveway isn't an option.
I know. And you're right.
[sighs] What's your name?
Uh… [stammers] Melanie. Cooper.
Hey. Melanie. I'm Miguel.
I'm the foreman.
That's really great.
Miguel. but I'm getting old here.
Can't you move it?
I'm sorry. I can't. I just…
I called the driver.
He'll be here in just a second. okay?
Wait. wait.
Did they tell you to block my driveway?
What?
Nothing. never mind.
Oh. here he is now.
[in Spanish] Hey!
You've left this woman stuck.
[driver] What's up?
[Miguel] Come on!
[driver] There's not enough parking here.
Okay. well please find another spot.
All right. go. go. go.
Now. go. go.
[sighs]
[in English] Here. give me your phone.
- I'm sorry. what?
- Well. I'll give you my number.
If it happens again. you call me
and I'll get it cleared
before they can block you.
You want to give me your number?
Sure.
[phone beeping]
- [phone ringing]
- And now I have yours.
Real smooth. Miguel.
[chuckles]
Bye.
New painting?
[Jack] Yeah.
bastards stole my other Bacon.
Hmm. seriously?
[grunts] Cops think it's some sort of
international art theft ring or something.
Was it insured?
Of course it was.
but that's not the point.
I loved that fucking painting.
It's the first piece of art I ever bought.
Sorry about that.
Yeah. me too.
Here. I can take you through the numbers.
That's not necessary. Liv.
We're not here to sell Excelsior to
Coop. we're here to sell Coop to Cricket.
That's not about the numbers.
What. then?
Cricket Birch is the majority investor
in Excelsior because over time
she's parked a good chunk
of her family's fortune in it.
Your business is brand new.
She needs assurances that
you're not here today and gone tomorrow.
- I can do that.
- Well. Cricket's not an idiot.
- Last time you left it left--
- Look… [stammers] I didn't leave.
Semantics.
The point is.
our disagreement made a bit of a splash.
Meaning. you talked shit about me
all over Midtown.
Exactly. And Europe.
So. you can understand
why she finds it strange that suddenly.
we're back in bed together again.
I'm finding it pretty strange myself.
if I'm being honest.
It's $400 million.
If she knows you.
she knows what a whore you are.
- Coop.
- [Jack] It's fine. Liv.
Coop is a client now.
He can talk
all the shit he wants to about us.
And you can fuck him again.
if you so please.
- Jack.
- Liv.
- What?
I thought we were just
saying each other's names.
Jesus Christ.
- Another drink anyone. huh?
- [phone ringing]
[sighs] Ooh. Oh. sorry. I gotta take this.
I will be back in a bit.
[Coop sighs]
Well. isn't this fun?
So. do you think
you can manage to stay out
of your own way long enough
to close this deal?
I'll close the deal. Don't worry about it.
It's my job to worry about it.
Yeah. about that.
You know. Jack only put you on this
to fuck with both of us.
- Don't do that.
- What?
Jack put me on this
because while he may be
an oozing prick of a human being.
he knows I'm damn good at my job.
Well. take it from me.
being good at your job
isn't always an asset
when it comes to Jack.
- [Liv sighs]
- [rattling]
[Jack sighs]
All right. kids.
I really gotta wrap this up.
Did you give him the itinerary?
- Peloponnese?
- [Jack] Mm-hmm.
I assume you'll do us the courtesy
of showing up this time. Hmm?
[gentle music playing]
[sighs]
[Ali] You mixed your whites and colors.
Rookie mistake.
It ruined all my school clothes.
Oh. well. [sniffs] Here.
I only sort of wore this.
Do you think I made a mistake?
I mean. yeah. Always put it on delicate.
Not with my laundry.
With my life.
Oh. Are you asking me for advice?
Hmm. Um…
Do you know that song
"Fell on Black Days" by Soundgarden?
- No.
- Oh. my God.
You have to listen to it.
It's so fucking good.
Anyway. um.
it's about how you can wake up one day
and the things that you cared about most
in your life suddenly feel
meaningless and wrong.
And we all go through times where
we question our choices. you know.
And you wonder if it wouldn't be easier
to just go with the flow.
But whenever that happens.
the thing that I remind myself.
is that no matter what I'm worried about…
[alarm rings]
Oh. shit balls.
we're gonna be late for school.
Come on. you're my ride.
[sighs]
[electronic music playing]
[chattering]
[Nick] It is.
[knocks on door]
Barney. [laughs] What's good. man?
I don't know. What's. uh. what's going on?
Uh. Barney. this is Luc DeMille.
He's Ashe's guy.
- Nice to meet you. Mr. Choi.
- Ashe's guy?
His General Counsel.
though I wear many hats.
General counsel?
Is Ashe suing us?
[laughs]
I'm here to oversee
a review of Nick's Strong Ass Gyms.
And why would you be reviewing us?
Oh. that's what I wanted to tell you.
Uh. Ashe is buying in.
Just like that?
Well. subject to due diligence
of the company's financials.
It's standard practice
for all new investments.
Could you just excuse us for a second?
Come on. Nick.
It'll be quick.
What the hell are you doing. Nick?
Oh. look. [stammers]
I-I know.
I know I should have told you sooner.
but it all happened so fast.
I mean. we went out for a drink and boom…
[laughs] …he wants to take us national.
250 Strong Ass Gyms
across the country by 2028.
Yes. I-I heard the spiel.
He was making friends with an NBA star.
but we have a good plan. Nick.
Slow and steady growth.
He'll commit 30 mill.
Thirty million dollars?
[laughs]
He's got a whole franchise team.
We're gonna blow this thing up.
We don't know this guy. Nick.
Well. we've got 30 million
reasons to get to know him.
Not like this.
You take money like that.
and he'll own you.
- Okay. Calm down.
- There is a process to this. okay?
And why is he looking through our books?
- Don't you mean my books?
- I want to look at his books.
I want to talk to his bankers.
I want to check his credit.
I can't let you do this. Nick--
Hey!
I don't work for you.
Okay. Okay. That's not what I meant.
Matter of fact. you work for me.
- I know.
- Do you?
Yes. yes. and it's my job
to protect you from deals like this.
[scoffs]
Look. man. I was an NBA champion.
I don't go from that to running a gym.
or-or two gyms.
I need to leave a bigger mark than that.
You're blowing up all over TV. Nick.
[scoffs] Maybe.
Or maybe the NBA makes a new network deal
and I'm out on my ass in two years.
You said it yourself. Barney.
Former athletes have a window.
and I know mine will close
before I'm ready. just like my career did.
If I've learned anything.
it's that when an opportunity
like this comes around. I have to grab it.
You can get on board. or you can quit.
but I'm doing this.
Gentlemen. is there a problem?
Is there a problem. Barney?
Mr. DeMille. was it?
[DeMille] That's right.
How can I help?
[DeMille] Well. for starters.
I'm gonna need all your passwords.
Of course you will.
[Coop] The Fairy Melusine.
built in 2012 by Nereids Yachts.
the apex of nautical luxury.
If you have fuck-you money.
you buy a modest.
entry-level Nereids
for around three million.
If you have fuck-it-all money.
you have them design a mega yacht
to your custom specifications.
for a price on par with a naval destroyer.
And you give them one directive…
length over all.
At 197 feet with a 875 gross tonnage.
The Fairy Melusine is powered
by Caterpillar engines
that give her 5.000 horsepower
and a maximum speed of 17 knots.
Nothing lets the millionaires know
you're a billionaire
like owning a custom white boat.
Oh. Jesus.
[phone ringing]
I gotta take this.
Uh. go ahead. I'll catch up.
I'll just be a second. Yeah. Barney?
- So. some news.
- [Coop] Yeah. now's not a great time.
Ashe is investing in the gym.
What? You mean…
[stutters] …he's considering it?
No. no.
He seems to have already committed.
And Nick didn't tell you?
No. he did. Today.
Well. can you talk him out of it?
I was hoping you would.
It would be highly
suspicious for his business manager
to try to talk him
out of 30 million bucks.
Thirty million?
Yeah.
they're looking at the books as we speak.
- Well. that's not good. Are you worried?
- No.
You sound worried.
Well. I'm worried I might get worried.
Look. I'm sure Ashe
is just putting on a show
to let Nick know
how serious he is about this.
It's a… It's a perfunctory review.
They won't get into cash flow.
It'll be fine. we're fine. I'm fine.
I got this.
I got this. [sighs]
[line beeps]
Ms. Birch is finishing her call.
Ah. thank you.
- Here we are.
- Good.
[speaking Serbian]
[Coop] Cricket Birch made her money
the old-fashioned way.
She inherited it.
But that didn't make her
any less formidable.
[Coop]
She was Oxford educated. boardroom tested.
and unlike many of her ilk.
she had actually grown
the principal instead of squandering it.
Which made her something of
a unicorn in the financial world.
And. if the rumors were true.
on certain
highly-exclusive dating apps as well.
[speaking Serbian]
- Jack. lovely to see you as always.
- You too. Cricket.
Oh. Uh. you remember Andrew Cooper?
Hello. Coop. It's been a minute.
[Coop] That it has. Nice boat.
[laughs] This old thing.
Shall we?
You'll see Coop's investment
shifts a sizable portion
of the fund's beta to equity.
mitigating your exposure.
- It's okay. Jack.
- And by Q4. you could--
I don't need the dogs and ponies.
I've done the math.
I'll have to come ready. right?
All right. so tell me. what can we do
to make you more comfortable with this?
You can't. I mean. not really.
I'll either be comfortable. or I won't be.
Why are we here?
Because you're an old-school closer.
and I love that about you.
[scoffs]
[Jack sighs]
I've had some Strottarga Bianco
escorted from Austria for you.
That's very kind of you.
I will definitely try some
before we leave.
Oh. no. You should try it now
while it's still fresh.
Uh. how can I say no to that?
[groans]
Well. you've been awfully quiet.
Yeah. well. Jack had a plan.
Yeah. to bore me
into submission. I'm sure.
Now the adults can speak freely.
You first.
Okay. Well.
I'm managing a sizable chunk right now.
If Jack did to me what he did to you.
I would be out for revenge.
Not handing his company a management fee
on a nine-figure investment.
so you're gonna forgive me
if I'm feeling a little suspicious.
Okay.
Well. if it makes you feel any better.
I've already gotten my revenge.
You mean the Swiss.
Oh. don't look so impressed.
There's very few secrets in our world.
Look. Jack's the devil I know. that's all.
Yeah. that may be true.
but it's definitely not all.
Losing the Swiss hurt him.
Bailey had to take the hit.
and it was a big hit.
but somehow Jack managed
to preserve Excelsior's returns.
You don't need to look so impressed.
You're not the only one
that does the math.
So. I don't know
what your arrangement is with Jack.
and I honestly don't really care.
I just know that Excelsior
is as close to bulletproof as it gets.
and that's where I want to be.
And it's as simple as that?
Well. no. but… That's the gist of it.
- I don't want any hot money. Coop.
- This isn't that.
No redemptions six months in
because your investors
don't have the balls for a down market.
- I'm playing the long game.
- And I'm not looking for a partner.
- I call the shots.
- Understood.
I just want to ride your coattails.
I'm having a party tonight. Can you stay?
Hi. Uh. I need some Humboldt Fog.
double the Manchego. Smokin' Goat…
- You know what. he's gonna want a Brie.
- Right.
Uh. which one's
the one with the moon in the title?
Oh. um…
- [phone buzzing]
- Oh. excuse me.
One minute.
- Hello?
- [Chivo] Elena?
[in Spanish] Oh. Chivo.
What number is this?
Elena… I need a favor.
Can it wait? I'm underwater
with Nick's housewarming.
I got arrested.
What?
I was with Luis. and--
Wait. Félix's Luis?
Are you kidding me?
Elena! I need you to get me
the fuck out of here.
Okay. I'll be there as soon as I can.
Bail is fifty thousand bucks.
Fifty thousand!
What the fuck did you do?
No. I can't.
Elena?
[line ringing]
- [in English] Hey. This is Andrew Cooper.
- [sighs]
So. how long have you
been working for Mr. Ashe?
Long time.
- Well…
- [phone ringing]
[sniffs. clears throat]
Uh. this is a client. excuse me.
[Elena] Barney.
Can I call you back?
I need my money.
Okay. this doesn't work like an ATM.
This is an emergency. okay?
I don't care how it works.
I-I need $50.000 today.
That's a bit complicated at the moment.
Complicated how?
You have all my money.
I need some of it back.
You didn't hold on to any of it?
You told me I didn't need to.
- [sighs. stutters]
- [employee] Mr. DeMille.
would you come take a look at this?
- Uh. I'm gonna have to call you back.
- Barney. do not hang up on me.
Okay. then.
[sighs]
["Katazitite" playing]
[partygoers chattering. cheering]
[phone chimes]
[exhales deeply]
I don't recall
you being such an introvert.
[Coop laughs]
Not really my crowd.
No. I didn't think so.
You're very different since
the last time we saw each other.
Older.
Sadder.
Well… [sighs]
A lot has happened
since the last time I saw you.
Yeah. I heard about it.
Oh. Well. then. you know.
- Hope you don't hold it against me.
- What? With my family?
[scoffs] It's nothing.
- And you got divorced.
- I did.
Was it bad?
[sighs]
Still is.
I'm really sorry. Coop.
You were one of the rare faithful ones.
or at least where I was concerned.
It was impressive.
Ah. yes. well.
it turns out there's a whole hell
of a lot more to being married
than just not cheating.
Who knew?
Do you remember the conference in Berlin?
- [laughs]
- [chuckles]
I remember we were both pretty drunk.
Oh. you're being very generous.
I think I practically threw myself at you.
You somehow managed the trick of getting
me home without making me feel rejected.
Well. I get the feeling you don't
really suffer from low self-esteem.
[chuckling] This is true.
Besides. if I would've slept with you.
Jack would've fired me.
Jack did fire you.
[partygoers screaming. laughing]
Why did you stay tonight?
Probably for the same reason
you asked me to.
[Félix. in Spanish]
Didn't Danny have a thing with this one?
Shit.
Give me a minute.
- Look. I know what you're going to say--
- You promised me.
I kept my promise.
I had nothing to do with it.
Then why is my brother in jail?
Look. Luis was short.
He brought Chivo along for a run.
He didn't check with me.
Hmm.
If it means anything.
Luis's been dealt with.
You know what would mean something?
[Félix] Mmm.
Bail him out.
You don't have the money?
How much do you need?
Fifty thousand.
[whistles]
Fifty…
Chivo. Hmm?
- Thank you.
- [speaks Spanish]
[sniffs]
This is a loan.
It's bail.
You'll get it back.
What? You want to charge me interest?
No interest. No strings.
Ay. [clicks tongue. inhales sharply]
There's always strings.
[chuckles]
[Mel. in English] Thanks for doing this.
It's been sticking for a while.
but then today it just…
- stayed stuck.
- My pleasure.
The hinge just needed to be tightened.
Is there anything else you need?
[moans]
[Miguel whispering]
["Yes Boss" playing]
♪ Yes. boss ♪
♪ I'm on the mic ♪
♪ I'll try to give you what you like ♪
♪ I can be soft
I can be hard ♪
♪ Let me do the B-part ♪
[gasping]
[in Spanish] Oh. how delicious. mamita.
Your skin is so soft.
So smooth.
- Sí. Sí.
- [Miguel] Mm-hmm.
Your pussy is so wet!
Like a 20-year-old!
[speaks Spanish]
More. more! You want more?
- Si.
- Si?
- [gasping]
- [Miguel grunting]
[drilling]
[buzzing]
[breathing heavily]
[sighs]
Aren't you going to say anything?
What do you want me to say?
You're a shit criminal.
Are you trying to get deported?
What do you expect me to do?
I'm not like you.
I can't just work for nothing!
[clicks teeth] Oh.
Is that what you think I'm doing?
You pick up after rich people!
It's honest work.
Who do you think paid
for you to come here? Huh?
We came here to do better!
Are you really telling me
this is the best we can do?
This is it?
You mean my apartment?
Huh?
The one you're living
in rent-free. asshole?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean--
You ungrateful little shit! I missed
work to bail your sorry ass out of jail!
Don't worry.
I'll get out of your way
so you can go clean some more toilets.
Fuck you. Chivo.
Hey! Where the fuck do you
think you're going?
Anywhere but here.
[scoffs]
[Jack] Ow!
[in English] Fuck. fuck. fuck.
[person] Please.
- Jack. you need to calm down. okay?
- Hey. You better get in here.
[Jack] …fucking over.
Please. Jack. you have to calm down. okay?
Just breathe with me--
Do not give me any of that yoga bullshit.
Jesus Christ. Coop.
What's-What's going on. pal?
The fucking boner pills.
Oh. God. [stammers]
Can you please give us a second?
- Thank you so much.
- I think I took too many of 'em.
- How many of those did you take?
- You saw them. What would you do?
It-It just feels like
it's about to fucking explode.
Can you r-r-release?
[stammers] No. I can't!
It's like a fucking steel pole!
Oh. fuck. I think I'm having
a fucking heart attack--
No. no. just relax and breathe.
You're just having a panic attack.
I'm not gonna relax!
My dick is purple!
[snickers]
I'm gonna get the medic.
Fuck.
Must have felt like fucking Christmas
for you seeing me like that.
No. actually it didn't.
[sucks teeth]
I'm sure you'll be
dining out on it for months.
I feel like a fucking clown.
It's humiliating.
Jack. if it makes you feel any better.
it never happened. okay?
You know. not too long ago. I was you.
I was good-looking. vital.
Top of my game.
I walked into a room
and people paid attention.
My swagger had swagger. you know?
[sighs] You get used to feeling that way.
you think that's how
it will always be and…
then you realize…
people stopped seeing you a long time ago.
You're halfway to invisible.
Well. I'm sure
that'll never happen to you. Jack.
She dismissed me
from the fucking meeting. Coop.
I run $2 billion for her. and she
sent me off to eat fucking fish eggs!
While you closed the deal.
Did you fuck her?
You fucked her.
[chuckles]
- Enjoy it while you can. Coop.
- [sighs]
It doesn't last
nearly as long as you think it will.
One day you're gonna wake up
and you're not gonna be you anymore.
you're gonna be me.
And you're gonna realize
you haven't been the guy
that you thought you were for a long time.
I gotta tell you.
when that realization sinks in…
it's fucking terrifying.
[sighs]
Thank you. Thanks. guys.
[Coop] You spend your life
avoiding certain realities.
Then one day you find yourself
on a private jet.
having the truth dropped on you
by a horny old prophet
who just a few hours earlier
needed his throbbing erection
drained by a medic.
And as strange as it sounds.
you understand in a way you haven't
until that very moment.
Just how old you really are.
I said hi to Morgan at school.
and she gave me the stink eye.
That's better than what she gives me.
Don't worry. She's just pissed
because Delilah is a legit hottie.
- W-We're not… [stammers]
- Oh. come on. it's fine.
She seems cool.
Plus. you're both weirdos.
so. you know. there's that.
[chuckles]
Hey. I didn't know you were back.
I'm not back.
I'm just getting some things.
You have any clothes you want washed?
I can do my own laundry. Mom.
Really?
[Tori] Yes. really.
Oof. You're stuck
dealing with all that on your own now.
She's just trying to be nice.
What's your problem?
I don't think I'm the one
with the problem.
["Ain't No Mountain High Enough" playing]
♪ Listen. baby ♪
[slurps]
Whoa.
♪ Ain't no mountain high
Ain't no valley low ♪
♪ Ain't no river wide enough. baby ♪
[chuckles]
♪ If you need me. call me ♪
[Nick]
This week's roundup of flubs. flops.
and straight up failures
kicks off in Dallas.
♪ Don't worry. baby ♪
♪ Just call my name ♪
♪ I'll be there in a hurry
You don't have to worry ♪
♪ 'Cause baby there ♪
Hey.
♪ Baby
There ain't no mountain high enough ♪
- Hey!
- Hi!
[Nick] Whoo!
Hey. hey!
Oh. I see you.
- After these. get to the mozzarella.
- Okay. um.
- the nacho bar needs to be refreshed.
- Mm-hmm.
The fire is out
under one of the chafing dishes.
And can you please
remind your employees again
to only use
the downstairs bathroom please.
- Yes. ma'am.
- [phone ringing]
IDIOT
[in Spanish] I'm busy.
Your boy is gone.
What!
Chivo! He flew the coop.
What are you talking about?
I'm in your apartment and he's gone.
What the fuck are you doing in my house?
Listen to me!
All of his stuff is gone!
He's skipping out!
Shit!
[in English] Hey. Elena. uh.
one of the chafing dishes is out.
[in Spanish] That's my bail money--
Son of a bitch!
If they don't have my fucking money…
[in English] Something wrong?
I have to go.
Right now?
Right now.
- I'm sorry.
- [stammers] Ah. Shit.
[partygoers chattering]
["Sweet Danger" playing]
♪ She want to go on top
Girl. I heard you like the bad boys ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm a bad boy ♪
♪ Can't stop. won't stop ♪
Yeah. you were right.
Mel?
Hey.
[both chuckle]
Oh. I'm glad you made it.
Sensei.
Okay. don't hate on my vibe.
- [chuckles]
- Look at this place.
It's quite something.
- Thank you. Ladies.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- [chuckles]
And they are quite something.
Which one's your date?
All of them?
Oh. come on.
I couldn't even handle one of you.
- [chuckles]
- [clicks teeth]
Hey. how's the book coming along?
- Good. really good.
- Really?
- No. not really.
- No?
[Gordy] What's up. Nick?
Hey. Gordy.
- Hey. man.
- What's up?
- I'll catch you later.
- Yes.
- Your house is something else.
- My God. I mean. look at this house.
Aw. Lisa. I appreciate you.
Thank you.
[Dom] Oh. cool!
Hmm. Not bad.
- Hey. are you okay?
- Mm-hmm. Why?
You are stress eating.
No. I'm stress serving.
I haven't actually eaten anything yet.
Mmm. Hey.
[whispers] How are you feeling?
Mmm. All good.
[speaking indistinctly]
Work though. it was only…
Hey. is this weird for you?
No. why would it be weird?
Seriously? Nick's house.
A parade of twenty-something models
walking around like concubines.
I mean.
he's probably gonna have an orgy later.
Well. that was fucking weird.
Thanks for that.
Don't you guys think this
is more house than he needs?
He's a professional athlete.
He's gotta represent.
The smaller houses didn't have
basketball courts in the basement.
- [Grace] Mmm.
- [Kat] Sure. Sure.
[chuckles]
Hi. everybody.
Hi. Oh. my… Yes. please. [chuckles]
- What? You're very attractive.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
- What about me? Am I not handsome?
You're a Westchester seven.
- I'll take it.
- [NBA players laugh]
Hi.
- Hey.
- Oh. Mel. you don't have a drink.
Oh. I'm not… I'm not drinking tonight.
Oh. because of the Seder.
Honey. no one even noticed.
Grace. do you need a refill?
Uh. no. um.
I'm not drinking tonight either.
Wait. Okay. what is happening right now?
Okay. [chuckles] Wait.
we're all just not drinking anymore?
- No. it's-- [chuckles]
- No. nothing like that.
I just. um… [stammers] Um…
Solidarity with Mel.
Oh. my God. you're pregnant.
What?
- I can always tell these things. Are you?
- [chuckles] It's her gift.
Except when she's wrong. which is
more than occasionally. less than often.
- Be right back.
- Wait.
Excuse me. What the fuck?
[chuckles] Ladies. come here.
[singsongy] Grace is pregnant.
- What?
- Yes. she is.
Oh. Grace!
[Kat]
You are so fucking young. I hate you.
Hi. could you take care of this for me?
Thank you so much.
- Hey. guys!
- [chuckles] Hey.
- How are you?
- Good.
[chuckles]
What's the commotion over there?
Hmm? Oh. Grace is pregnant.
- What?
- Yeah. not planned.
I'm gonna go say congrats.
[chuckles] Okay. How are you?
What are we talking about?
- Oh. you know. Things.
- [chuckles] Business.
Come on. you.
- Uh. I'll catch you later.
- That was fun.
Yeah. good chat. good chat.
Hey. congratulations. my friend.
It's a beautiful thing.
Thanks. thanks.
Yes. and hey. congrats to you
on joining our Strong Ass Gym family.
I know. right?
I mean. I'm super pumped about it.
[chuckles]
I. uh. met your guy DeMille.
Oh. yeah. great. Right. right. right.
Thank you for doing that.
Yeah. I know he could be a little.
um. well. he's not what
you'd call warm and fuzzy. right.
But. uh. the man is a fucking machine.
I'd be lost without him.
Yeah. yeah. No. he-he-he is great.
Uh. listen.
I could easily prepare everything for you.
I've been working with Nick a long time.
I know where all the bodies are buried.
- [Ashe laughs]
- Not that there are any. so.
No. no. no. no. I know it's…
Look. it's nothing personal.
Truth is. I've been dry fucked before.
I have a habit of
making impulsive decisions.
That's why I have DeMille.
He's a details guy.
Like you. He keeps me in check.
Of course. God's in the details. right?
- That's right. [chuckles]
- You got. um… You got a timeline?
- Or…
- Mmm.
It usually takes about a few weeks.
but he'll just do a full audit
of your books.
and then we'll set up a template
for scaling up.
Yeah.
An audit?
Yeah. Due diligence.
my friend. due diligence.
Oh. Jesus Christ. look at these women.
- Yeah. Okay.
- So--
Come on. let's get fucked up.
- ["Nu Lova" playing]
- [partygoers chattering]
Coop! [chuckles] Yes. sir. you made it.
- [Coop] Hey.
- What's going on?
Well. nice to see you. Hello. gentlemen.
- Fellas. this is my buddy Coop.
- How are we doing?
- Hi. Nice to see you. Hey.
- Hey.
Ah. I'm gonna get a drink.
I'll be right back.
- Yeah.
- What's up. brother.
Good to see you. pal.
So. guys. none of you ever
tried to play in the NBA or what?
- Dude.
- What?
- Be cool. Let them enjoy the party.
- Is that not cool?
- Oh. come on.
- No. it's not cool. It's obnoxious.
["Nu Lova" continues]
♪ I pull out the weeds
And the breeze take 'em off ♪
♪ To somewhere far
Where they won't cause harm ♪
♪ And my heart stays warm
Like my lawn in the sun ♪
♪ This rebound shit is legit and a trip ♪
♪ Baby. time will tell if it gels
Or we quit ♪
Is it safe?
- [chuckles]
Very funny.
- It's water.
- Oh?
["Nu Lova" continues playing. muffled]
[speaking indistinctly]
You okay?
Her being around.
How does it not bother you?
I don't know.
Maybe I have bigger problems.
Look. it was a hard year for all of us.
Sam too. but we're all still here.
Maybe. we should just do
our best to try to get along.
What? Are you running for mayor?
- I think we're all… [speaks indistinctly]
- Yeah.
Why does it seem like it's so
much easier for everybody else?
Do I need to worry about you?
I'll get back to you on that.
I got to find Grace.
Hey.
Here if you need me.
[mouthing words] Okay.
L'chaim.
[sighs]
We're getting dry fucked.
- What?
- Yeah.
Ashe's guys. It's a full-blown audit.
Audit?
I thought you had it handled.
I thought this was perfunctory.
[sighs] Yeah. it's a perfunctory audit.
[chuckles] All of my money is in there.
Yeah. well.
it's frozen until this is over.
Elena's gonna be pissed.
Oh. she already is.
[grunts]
- Can I have one?
- [grunts]
["This Is How We Do It" playing]
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ It's Friday night and I feel all right ♪
[gasps] Oh. oh. Come on.
Let's dance. Let's dance.
- Sweetie. I'm-I'm way too sober.
- Please.
Oh. come on. while I can
still see my toes even a little bit.
- You go.
- [groans] Okay.
♪ Honeys in the street say
"Monty. yo. we made it!" ♪
♪ It feels so good in my hood tonight ♪
♪ The summertime skirts
And the guys in Kani ♪
♪ All the gangbangers
Forgot about the drive-by ♪
♪ You gotta get your groove on
Before you go get paid ♪
One sec.
- What?
- I'll be right back.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
♪ I'm kinda buzzed
And it's all because ♪
♪ This is how we do it ♪
♪ South Central does it like nobody does ♪
[gasps]
Wow.
[grunting] Come on.
- No way.
- [Samantha] Mel.
No. I'm-I'm not doing this now.
Well. is there any time
that you think would be good for us
to. you know. get together and talk?
Kinda busy these days.
I just wanna talk to you.
- I just--
- What? You wanna explain?
Like. you can chalk this up to
some kind of misunderstanding?
Apologize.
- Oh. you want to apologize.
- I was gonna say apologize.
[grunts] Oh. really?
Yes.
I don't think you fully comprehend
what you did.
And frankly. I think it's insane that all
these people here seem to have forgotten--
I don't care about all of these people.
I care about you.
If you cared about me.
you wouldn't have fucked my husband.
- Is that what this is about for you?
- No. that's not what I meant.
Because if that's the case.
this will be a much easier conversation.
It isn't.
and we're not having a conversation.
Hmm. It feels like we might be.
That's because you won't stop talking.
I know. because you won't fucking hear me.
Maybe you've forgotten because you
haven't talked to me in. like. a year.
but I can go on and on
and on until you hear me out.
I will wear you the fuck down. Mel.
You were gonna destroy my family
for a $20 million payout.
[scoffs]
You know what I think?
I think you're probably
a narcissistic sociopath.
And that is my professional opinion
as an experienced therapist who has a--
- [grunts. screams] Ow!
- Oh. my God.
- Ow. Fuck! Ow!
- Wait. Mel. are you okay?
- Just don't touch me.
- Are you okay?
- Just please. please leave me alone.
I will. I just…
It looked like a really hard fall.
and I just wanna make sure you're okay.
[scoffs]
Out of everyone.
You. Out of everyone.
You were my friend.
I know.
I don't understand how you could do that.
and I don't understand why everyone
loves you again. and they hate me.
- What? No one hates you.
- Yes. they do.
My daughter hates me.
My neighbor hates me.
Their fucking dog hates me!
Dogs are supposed to love everybody.
My body hates me. Nothing works anymore.
I'm a dried husk who can't come!
Oh. uh…
Yeah.
I know…
what I did was awful.
And I'm so sorry about it all.
I just need you to know I am so sorry
that I don't have room in me
for anything else.
I am exclusively and perpetually sorry.
I look back.
and I don't even know who that person was.
I think I was just drowning so long
without realizing
and then suddenly I'm like out of air.
and I panicked.
and I did a terrible. terrible thing.
and I know you won't forgive me.
I mean. why the hell would you?
And even if you did.
I'll never forgive myself.
It hangs over my head
every minute of every day.
Like a dark storm of. like. regret
and self-loathing. and I hate myself.
I hate myself.
and I hate so much that I hurt you. Mel.
You have no idea.
[Samantha breathes shakily]
Okay.
And now I'll go.
Wait.
Sit here a minute.
- I just--
- But don't talk.
Chivo.
[sighs]
[upbeat music playing]
Got enough cheese there. Brad?
- Yeah. this is good.
- [Peter] Oh. no. Fuck.
Now. I want you to be honest. Tony.
Would you ever hang
something like this in your own home?
- Fuck. no.
- [chuckling]
Coop. you've gotta stop Nick
from hanging this up.
- Uh. I gotta take this. Sorry. guys.
- [phone buzzing]
[Ashe] There he is!
Coop. There's my badass motherfucker.
- You did it.
- Okay?
Excelsior. you did it.
I didn't think
you'd be able to pull it off.
- No offense.
- None taken.
You are a fucking legend.
You know that? We're gonna celebrate.
We're gonna fucking party right now.
We're gonna celebrate. We're gonna party.
- Let's party. Let's go.
- You know. I just have to take this call.
Give me… Give me one second. Thanks.
Hey. yeah…
What?
No. uh…
No. no. no. you stay there.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
Yeah.
We good?
My dad just died.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today